hello it's Ruby and I am finally
bringing you another study with me this
is my very first English literature
study with me if you didn't know I have
actually changed university courses so
I'm starting first year again and
studying English literature I am loving
it so far and there's particularly
evening I had a lot of work to do
because I had only just changed courses
I was doing two degrees worth of work
and I needed to do all of the seminar
property of seminars in one evening so
it was quite intense and I decided to
film it so the first thing I was doing
here was actually for theology because
as I said I was doing two degrees worth
of work so I had a theology seminar that
afternoon so I went through and I wrote
out my thoughts on who the historical
Jesus was you know reflecting on past
reading I'd done what we've done in the
lecture basically just going of my notes
and recapping I think it's really useful
to do before a seminar and then here I
was making a list of all of the English
work that I needed to get done when I
got back from where seminar that evening
[Music]
okay I know need to get to my lecture I
have got my plan set out for this
evening so the issue is is that I'm
having I need to do the seminars from
this week tomorrow so I'm going to -
there are lots of work that I need to do
for these two seminars non released I
need to go through all of the lecture
stuff I'm gonna go through the lecture
slides someone kindly gave me their
notes so I can look through and
basically this can be the foundation and
then I've got quite a few readings to do
and then a few questions to consider and
I'm looking forward to it all it's just
quite daunting to see that much stuff
and in the meantime I'm going to a
theology seminar and the reason I'm
going to this still is because I'm
nervous that if I don't actually somehow
for whatever reason manage to get on to
English last minute which hopefully is
very unlikely because everything has
pretty much been sorted now I don't want
to falling behind so I'm still going to
the seminars and also this module I'm
really enjoying so I really want to
continue going to the lectures for this
one if I possibly can so when I got back
I got started on English work and I was
first of all just going through the
lecture slides for beginnings and
criticisms
[Music]
then I went
and when I got back into my room I
answered some questions and I did some
readings and wrote up my notes in this
beautiful notebook I also wrote out one
of the quotes that I particularly liked
in Genesis and I annotated it
[Music]
okay it's 10 past 10:00
so quite a lot to do I've got one more
required reading to do and then I want
to answer the questions and there are
two recommended readings that I really
do you want to get done but I just don't
think I'm gonna have time so I'm gonna
try and wake up early and get this done
and then I've also got yeah that's only
preparation for one I also need to read
two pieces of required reading for my
second seminar and answer six questions
[Music]
then here as I said I was doing another
reading this one was for beginnings
again of that was the seminar I had 8:30
the next morning and I was just going
through on my iPad and annotating
[Music]
then how I was answering the questions
for the beginning summoner which will
put up and basically just making this
table of comparisons between Genesis 1
and Genesis 2 which ended up being
really helpful in seminal discussion
[Music]
and then lastly I just went through my
to do this and ticked off the things
that I've managed to get done I was
actually really happy with my progress
even though I didn't take off everything
okay I'm gonna say good night and I'll
see you early tomorrow morning so I can
finish this walk off I actually got
through quite a lot tonight considering
I think I started at around 7 and it's
now 11:30 so it's like four and a half
hours of work with a bit of a break in
between because I was chatting with my
friend paints and I did some work
earlier on it I've done quite a lot of
that seminar prep but it's just because
I've had to catch up on all the lectures
too and I don't want to go into the
seminars not feeling prepared but I
would list planned out what I'm going to
do tomorrow morning 5:00 or 6:00 to get
it done I think that's reasonable I
think I could do that even though going
to bed late and then just get a really
early night tomorrow which I think I'd
kind of prefer because the priority
really is making the most of these
seminars and if you do the reading and
you've put the work in beforehand you
are gonna get more from the seminars I
really think it's worth me just waking
up earlier tomorrow to make sure that I
make the most of my education game I
will see you tomorrow thank you so much
for watching this probably I've turned
it into a study with me because I don't
think I had that many clips in the
morning thank you for watching and I
hope that you have a bird
[Music]